Improve SDK format command to add fromversion 6.0.0 for contributed packs (#1215)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

* Added a validation that core packs are not dependent on non-core packs.
* Fixed an issue where in some cases the `get_remote_file` function failed due to an invalid path.
* Fixed an issue where the **create-id-set** command did not identify unified integrations correctly.

> * When formatting new contributors packs, the **format** command will set *fromversion* to 6.0.0 unless stated another version.

Reviewer: let's ignore the corner case in the message
```suggestion
* When formatting new contributed pack, the **format** command will set the *fromversion* key to 6.0.0 in the relevant files.
```
